(Header: The ENGLISH WITH MR. PEA logo is visible)
(Video title: THE MONTHS OF THE YEAR IN ENGLISH)
Hi everyone!  My name is Mr. Pea and together we are going to learn to speak English.
Today we are going to answer the request of one of our followers.
This week Sergio Alexander asked us to make a video
about the months of the year.
Well, here it is. Here it is. Shall we start? Here we go!
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Shall we repeat ?
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
And that was all.
Remember that you can also send me a request about a topic you need or want to expand on.
We will answer it as soon as possible.
See you  soon. Bye bye!